recommend adding Requires to weakdeps (#3537)
JuliaLang/Pkg.jl: docs/src/creating-packages.md

  ```julia
  isdefined(Base, :get_extension) ? (using Contour) : (using ..Contour)
  ```

> - Add `Requires` to `[weakdeps]` in your `Project.toml` file, so that it is only installed on Julia versions that do not support extensions.

Reviewer: It might be good to mention that it would be listed in both deps and weakdeps, and that 1.9+ knows to make that weak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `Requires` to `[weakdeps]` in your `Project.toml` file, so that it is listed in both `[deps]` and `[weakdeps]`.
  Julia 1.9+ knows to not install it as a regular dependency, whereas earlier versions will consider it a dependency.
```

Reviewer: bump
